we're guys all about the baby we love
the baby about you if you hear is you
easier I'm assuming one of you is the
father husband actually uh-hmm
we're both the father
oh please tell me you know which one is
our baby
well that one has ducks on his t-shirt
and this one has clowns and Ben was
definitely wearing ducks or clowns oh
wait that one's definitely been remember
yet that cute little Mole by his mouth
yeah yeah hey Ben remember us
okay the mole came off let me get you
what are we gonna do uh uh well flip for
it
ducks or clowns we're gonna flip for the
baby you got a better idea
all right call it in it heads heads it
is yes
we have to assign heads to something
right okay okay uh ducks is heads
because Ducks have heads
kind of scary ass clowns came to your
birthday
ah my nephew come here in a new hood oh
there's my little he's been big a my
little boy oh hey you're not crying hey
he's not crying yes there's still pie my
little boy oh yeah
you want daddy to change your diaper
yeah I know I know so did you have fun
with uncle Joey and Uncle Jimmy today oh
yeah he rode the bus today well big boy
riding the book hey I have a question
I thought says property of Human
Services on his but you you are gonna
love this honey hole been persons all
right come here come here
sure you back I've got Kiwi run Joey run
no no I'm sorry it's smelly cat smelly
cat better yeah and you know don't don't
feel bad cuz it's a hard song yeah I'll
try it again
yeah the top okay there is no top all
right that's that's the beauty of smelly
cat why don't you just follow me okay
smelly cat
Slavik hair smell again
too much sorry